then if you need me MSP PSN codes or
cheat game cards as well stocking up for
their fee for 15 fifa points make sure
you check out g2 eircom their link is
also there and if you were yeah we check
the links down below all of them that so
anyway there's we did the top like the
top 10 first pack SSO it was 10 to six
and today we have doing 5 to 1 these are
going to be featuring some awesome squad
some awesome players and we start off
with a very very basic one now this team
was one of the first I did build a
starter fief I think it might have been
even the best of the first best possible
we did this year it's the best possible
Belgium team it has no informs in it it
has them belly for linear Lukaku benteke
hazard the 85 rated as well before the a
it was released and and some very tidy
basic players this team now is probably
very very cheap but it is good
to use this was back on the xbox 360 as
well before the xbox one was released
but it was a title team and I enjoy
playing with it for the best first best
possible squad builder of fifa 14 the
next one is the best possible ligue 1
team remember guys that these teams have
changed for now there is obviously some
variations of it with a lot of team of
seasoned players released into the
market and stuff like that but these
swab builders were done beforehand I'm
just showing you the ones I enjoy
playing with the moss they are awesome
and a few of these players you guys
would have got your hands on throughout
the year the likes of that inform the
veggie I think that's his second in for
maybe and we have the in-form Rodriguez
there is actually a crazy Canada
mountains team of seasoned version is an
in-form Lucas out Falcao 19 rated as
well and Matt OED team in the year at
Ebor absolutely awesome player and that
takes us on to the top free now so in a
third place we have the best possible
Brazil team this was before team of the
season it features were Mario who's
never ever going to be seen on another
FIFA again until he starts being a
politician and pellet as well one of the
most expensive cards on the game today
we have them in form nima which is left
mid 85 rate Diego who was actually moved
to Turkey
league now and is 82 really Beca
remember on the fifa game inform Hulk
Hernandez as well Danty team in the
silver team of the year danny galvers
and inform Alvarez in net as well as
with michela but there's obviously likes
of Louise the in left that position now
and it's changed a lot but this was the
best Brazil team I played oh I think I
built two best possible Brazil teens but
this was my favorite out of the two
moving on to the second place this one's
a recent one this one actually is
probably the best one the bar the first
one yeah this is definitely in the mid
nomber too I enjoyed this the most
playable Premier League best possible i
played with this year and it is the best
possible Arsenal team of inform Giroud
in national manner match Sanchez inform
Ozil and it's still matter changed as
well the matter in some informs release
in focal surely inform Cazorla team
season Mertesacker Tim season Ramsay and
obviously a normal via keeper of Chesney
Vermillion who signed for bass are now
and Jack Wilshere but if you guys have
not let me know which was your favorite
throughout the year let me know in the
comments section below which was your
bet favorite best possible for me and
let's get into number one spot so you
guys had not noticed we have not had a
Bundesliga team in the air yet and we
have not had a german teen book in at
number one we have the german team the
best possible german team available to
you on fifa 14 ultimate team this team
probably might have changed a little bit
now it's got matthias there 98 closer
team of season crews team of seasoned
voice as well which is ridiculous in
national Minaj Hummels team in the lamb
and team of the neue some crazy
players and some expensive some
expensive cards in that team for sure
but remember guys these might have
changed as i keep saying but if you have
enjoyed watching these best possibles
best Possible's make sure you drop a
like rating drop a subscription as well
from our fifa 14 fifa 15 content we are
definitely yeah we are definitely gonna
be continuing coming back next year with
these and continuing through the best
Possible's at the start they might be
fairly cheap they probably won't feature
a lot of informs but then we can go out
and see later on in the
much they do change as we always do to
drop a like rating guys subscribe if you
are not subscribed and comment down
below with your best possible at the top
10 or your best possible which has not
featured in these past two videos there
is an annotation link to all the squad's
as well so you want to go and watch the
squad's in a bit more depth I will leave
a link to that so subscribe comment like
and more back another day it will be no
video until next time see you later have
a very very nice day